---
page_title: "k8s_resource (Resource) - terraform-provider-k8s"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Kubernetes resource TF resource.
---

# k8s_resource (Resource)

_Kubernetes_ resource TF resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "k8s_resource" "example" {
  manifest = {
    apiVersion = "v1"
    kind       = "ConfigMap"
    metadata = {
      name      = "example"
      namespace = "default"
    }
    data = {
      foo = "bar"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `manifest` (Dynamic) _Kubernetes_ resource manifest describing the desired state of the resource.

### Optional

- `delete_options` (Attributes) Configure delete options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delete_options))
- `field_manager` (Attributes) Field manager configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_manager))
- `ignore_fields` (List of String) List of fields to ignore when returned from the server.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `wait_options` (Attributes) Configure waiter options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_options))

### Read-Only

- `object` (Dynamic) Resource object retrieved from the API server. The following fields are not returned; `status`, `metadata.creationTimestamp`, `metadata.generation`, `metadata.resourceVersion`, `metadata.selfLink`, `metadata.managedFields[*].time`.

<a id="nestedatt--delete_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delete_options`

Optional:

- `propagation_policy` (String) Propagation policy for the delete operation.
- `wait` (Boolean) If the delete operation will wait for the resource to be deleted.


<a id="nestedatt--field_manager"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_manager`

Optional:

- `force_conflicts` (Boolean) If `true`, the field manager will force apply the changes by ignoring the conflicts.
- `name` (String) Field manager name, this will override the value set on the provider.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) Timeout for creating the resource; this defaults to the provider value if not set. This should be a string that can be [parsed as a duration] (https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as `30s` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are `s` (seconds), `m` (minutes), `h` (hours).
- `delete` (String) Timeout for deleting the resource; this defaults to the provider value if not set. This should be a string that can be [parsed as a duration] (https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as `30s` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are `s` (seconds), `m` (minutes), `h` (hours).
- `read` (String) Timeout for reading the resource; this defaults to the provider value if not set. This should be a string that can be [parsed as a duration] (https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as `30s` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are `s` (seconds), `m` (minutes), `h` (hours).
- `update` (String) Timeout for updating the resource; this defaults to the provider value if not set. This should be a string that can be [parsed as a duration] (https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as `30s` or `2h45m`. Valid time units are `s` (seconds), `m` (minutes), `h` (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--wait_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_options`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) List of conditions to wait for. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_options--conditions))
- `field_selectors` (Attributes List) List of field selectors to wait for. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wait_options--field_selectors))
- `rollout` (Boolean) If the rollout should be completed before returning; this is supported on `DaemonSet`, `Deployment` & `StatefulSet` resources.

<a id="nestedatt--wait_options--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_options.conditions`

Required:

- `status` (String) Status of the condition.
- `type` (String) Type of condition.


<a id="nestedatt--wait_options--field_selectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait_options.field_selectors`

Required:

- `key` (String) Key of the field.
- `value` (String) Value of the field.

Optional:

- `operator` (String) Operator to compare the field value; can be one of `eq` or `ne`.
